docs: Unmanaging module and maintenance windows documentation (#2499)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/10-maintenance-windows.md

# Maintenance Windows

> Lifecycle Manager allows a module team to specify if a version of their module requires downtime during the version upgrade. This is specified using the `spec.requiresDowntime` in the ModuleTemplate CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lifecycle Manager allows a module team to specify if a version of their module requires downtime during the version upgrade. This is specified using the **spec.requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate custom resource (CR).
```

> Also, the user has the possibility to opt-in to the usage of the maintenance windows by setting the `spec.skipMaintenanceWindows` to `false` in the Kyma CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime user can opt in to using maintenance windows by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindow** field to `false` in the Kyma CR.
```

> If the `requiresDowntime` is set to `true` and the user opts-in to the usage of the maintenance window:
> - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is active, then the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version.
> - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is not yet active, then the Kyma module is not upgraded and remains reconciled with the current version till the next maintenance window.
> 
> If the `requiresDowntime` is set to `false` or the user does not opt-in to the usage of the maintenance window, then whenever the module version is available for upgrade, the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version immediately.

Reviewer: What if we put it in a table? Do you have a better idea for the section title maybe? I'm not sure if "Scenarios" is ok.
```suggestion
## Scenarios

| **requiresDowntime** | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| `true` | - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is active, then the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version.<br>- If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is not yet active, then the Kyma module is not upgraded and remains reconciled with the current version till the next maintenance window. |
|`false` | Whenever the module version is available for upgrade, the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version immediately. |
```

# Maintenance Windows

Lifecycle Manager allows a module team to specify if a version of their module requires downtime during the version upgrade. This is specified using the **spec.requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate custom resource (CR).
Additionally, an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime user can opt in to using maintenance windows by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindow** field to `false` in the Kyma CR.

## Scenarios

| **requiresDowntime** | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| `true` | - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is active, then the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version.<br>- If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is not yet active, then the Kyma module is not upgraded and remains reconciled with the current version till the next maintenance window. |

> |`false` | Whenever the module version is available for upgrade, the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version immediately. |

Author: Yes I also prefer the numbered list

# Maintenance Windows

Lifecycle Manager allows a module team to specify if a version of their module requires downtime during the version upgrade. This is specified using the **spec.requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate custom resource (CR).

> Additionally, an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime user can opt in to using maintenance windows by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindow** field to `false` in the Kyma CR.

Reviewer: - **/docs/contributor**

# Maintenance Windows

Lifecycle Manager enables a module team to specify whether a version of their module requires downtime during the upgrade process. To configure a module as requiring downtime, set the **spec.requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate custom resource (CR) to `true`.

Additionally, an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime user can decide not to wait for a maintenance window and upgrade a module version as soon as it is available by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindow** field to `true` in the Kyma CR.

## Scenarios

Depending on the configuration, the following scenarios are possible:

1. The **requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate is set to `true` AND the user decides to use maintenance windows by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindows** field to `false`:

   - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is active, then the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version.
   - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is not yet active, then the Kyma module is not upgraded and remains reconciled with the current version till the next maintenance window.

2. The **requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate is set to `false` OR the user decides not to wait for a maintenance window to upgrade a module by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindows** field to `false`. 

   Then, whenever the module version is available for upgrade, the Kyma module is immediately upgraded to the new version.

- **/docs/user**

# Skipping Maintenance Windows

## Context

In SAP BTP, Kyma runtime, modules' major upgrades happen rarely, in a bigger maintenance window. In some cases, these upgrades require downtime. You can decide not to wait for a maintenance window and upgrade a module version requiering downtime as soon as it is available.

## Procedure

Set the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindow** field to `true` in the Kyma CR.

> Additionally, an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime user can opt in to using maintenance windows by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindow** field to `false` in the Kyma CR.

Reviewer: I tried to split the content in a way that it does not repeat. The notion of maintenance windows and unmanaging modules repeats in both folders, but in a different context. These are user features that we might want to have in the user documentation. On the other hand, we also should explain how they work in the backend, and the complexity should be hidden from users in the contributor folder.

## Scenarios

Depending on the configuration, the following scenarios are possible:

1. The **requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate is set to `true` AND the user decides to use maintenance windows by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindows** field to `false`:

   - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is active, then the Kyma module is upgraded to the new version.
   - If the module version is available for upgrade and the maintenance window is not yet active, then the Kyma module is not upgraded and remains reconciled with the current version till the next maintenance window.

2. The **requiresDowntime** field in the ModuleTemplate is set to `false` OR the user decides not to wait for a maintenance window to upgrade a module by setting the **spec.skipMaintenanceWindows** field to `false`.

   Then, whenever the module version is available for upgrade, the Kyma module is immediately upgraded to the new version.

> [!Note]

> > The **requiresDowntime**  parameter also applies if the module was not installed before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The **requiresDowntime**  parameter does not apply if the module was not installed before as there is no existing installation that breaks.
```

It is actually the opposite. If the module was not installed before, we install it even if **requiresDowntime** is true as there is nothing we break by that.
